Bianca Garcia: I was on mute. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Check me in. And so I just came straight here. Okay, let me, let me see something, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I I messaged them is asking if you were there and they haven't gotten back to me either.
Yeah, I was waiting and waiting. I was
staying there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a minute, go take care of him fini to give them something to play with, or something that's fine if that works better.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1205 you need 1205 1205 12
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: As in over an hour.
Bianca Garcia: No, it, it's 1230 so 1235
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something. Oh, sorry. We usually meet at one. That's what I'm doing with this. Okay, I see what I'm doing okay so 12 cents 1205 got it.
Bianca Garcia: For 1210
Gwenevere Abriel: Since total time. Let me just see husband. All right, here we go. So let's see. Yes, she is here. So, Wes wensley. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, that's not quite the right response, you're not actually there you're over here. So that's not true. So there's something not working here.
Bianca Garcia: Well, on my phone. I was still on there. I'm on the computer here with you. And then on my phone. I was waiting for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but he's saying yes she is here. So you saying you're in the waiting room on your phone.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I was.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go check in. Yeah, go for it.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got anything kind of going on in life you want to bring up speed.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
No, I don't think so.
Or actually exciting things been going good.
And everything else is fine. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. So the anxiety thing is going fine. Tell me what that means.
Bianca Garcia: It's going better it
Seems like everything like the medication helps breathing house I cry.
Bianca Garcia: A little bit or it's a lot more under control than it used to be before like their opinion vacation over blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, that's pretty fast.
Bianca Garcia: Well, it's been a while since I've been on different medications.
Gwenevere Abriel: What medication. What medication, are you talking about, well, there's three different ones. But the ones that I take like daily
Bianca Garcia: Could take. It's a lot of pain or something like that, and the other one. I can't even pronounce it. But yeah, I take those daily in that and I began to click for over a month now and it seems like it's good and they end with you to the therapy. I've, I've also it's helped a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's go grab that medicine. Let's let me get that in in here so I know what it is. I know what Klonopin is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to know whether
Bianca Garcia: It's a quarter pain or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got time. Go grab the bottle. Let's go make sure I can get it in the record for you. Okay.
Pay
Bianca Garcia: The first got Queen pin create a pin you want me to spell it out.
Sure.
Bianca Garcia: Q UE E. T. I. A. P. I and II.
Gwenevere Abriel: generic version. When I say
Excuse me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for what diagnosis, are you
Bianca Garcia: Panic disorder and anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so brand name is Sarah will
Bianca Garcia: Occur. And then the other one is a
Bianca Garcia: E S SI ay te ae l o P. R. A. M.
Gwenevere Abriel: So telegram. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's addressing the
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a physician or a psychiatrist or an RN who's prescribing it
Psychiatrists
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been seeing this Psychiatry's for how many months or years
Bianca Garcia: Um, it's been a while. It gets a little under a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even taken us a telegram for a month or more how long
Bianca Garcia: Um, I think it's gonna be the yeah i think it's been like almost two months, like
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get this in the transcription. We've got Seroquel and you've been taking the kotel a program that was the one that starts with a Q. How long have you been taking we're going to call it Seroquel. How long have you been taking that
Bianca Garcia: The one with the right is
Gwenevere Abriel: The one with the cube cube. So,
Bianca Garcia: Um, I got it. Um, let's see, since since 25 2020 so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what march 25 So Sarah phone's been taken since March 25 2020 psi telegram, which is necessary rise and take it for two months.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that's confusing is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see any of the symptoms in here. I'm wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering why
Gwenevere Abriel: Why I don't see them typically I'll see the symptoms inside of the treatment setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you may be over these couple months, we've been working together. How are you and I, how are the dynamics between you and I, different than when you're sort of at your worst anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I
Gwenevere Abriel: Couldn't even talk to you. One time I text you and I couldn't remember that time I texting. I said I couldn't
Bianca Garcia: Talk to you that they were to reschedule. That was one of the bad times and then
Bianca Garcia: When I first started, I really didn't want to like talk as much as I am now, I guess. I don't know why I'm not really been talking in group so much, but I have opened up more to you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's stay with that one a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had a panic moment he had a high GPA hi distress experience, but you didn't log in to meet with me so I couldn't see it.
Right, yeah. I couldn't even manage to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What so just trying to reflect back on that episode.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up texting me. Was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Before five minutes after an hour later, two hours later, I can't remember. Do you remember how
Bianca Garcia: I think it was like right before, possibly, and I could explain to you what was going on. And we did talk about it.
in Bali table.
Bianca Garcia: Session, we had
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got something on Friday. Hey, Glenn, I'm having a hard time with my baby non stop crying and father not here today to help. I should I go to grew up regarding regardless
Bianca Garcia: PROBABLY MET regardless. No, I did go that day I went at 130 and I was just asking you use it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Track with you that way. So,
Bianca Garcia: I did and I just didn't hear anything back. So I just I just went into group and then I'm
Bianca Garcia: Dr. All the man was he, I told him we had a 1210 appointment today and he said that it was in at 12. He said it was at 110 so when you confirmed yesterday I was, I was like, yeah, I was pretty sure to talk to him, but he was saying was 110
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay focused on this other this other experience okay state go back in time a little bit because I've got some some curiosities about it, missy to do can't do today. I know about the two meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Description. Okay, I think I got something so maybe march 24
Gwenevere Abriel: So we were scheduled for one o'clock on March 24 and you let me know your time. Let me see, that's about four. So about three hours later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello, I'm so sorry I didn't even notice the time
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually my alarm goes off, even though I did confirm yesterday, if you can please see me today. If you have any openings or whenever you schedule is open, please let me know. Thank you. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what's coming over me, but I believe my crock. So notice the first part of this had nothing to do with anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you hear my, I didn't hear my alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. Then it goes, then it's a new
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so then the second part, then it's I don't know what's coming over me, but I believe my chronic anxiety and panic disorder is taking over. I need to do something about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you wrote, right, I need to say something about it, call virtual clinic to reschedule. And then you put a hand sign
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then, later in the day. I can't get my prescription at all. The lady at the virtual clinic said yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: They would send it in. And I'll just go to Friday group is normal, but I'm going to wait on it. Once again, can you please have your own and send in my prescription and i'll see you to Friday and you can schedule with me and any day. No problem, if you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just please let me know. For our individual meetings. Thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you very, very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just cover just some norms. It's fine. If so, there's plenty of times when people are in a high distress moment and it happens to align up with an appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not supposed to be at your best when you show up for treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. This is treatments.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, it would be better for me to see what panic looks like on you. I be able to have been able to see it. Yeah, that's probably what I don't want you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. So, well, let's talk around it a little bit because there must be some belief that you have about yourself that I'm sure I don't have it. But if we don't take a look at it, it might stay there. So what is it that you think you're doing when you're in a panic moment. That is unacceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try. I can try again. I could say, what is it that you're doing in a panic moment that you don't want me to see
Oh, oh yeah just probably the way I'm acting the way that I feel a cat, you know, just like how I am right now. Like, I can't just chill or
Bianca Garcia: Like I just felt like I can't focus or or my thoughts are running. I feel like I wouldn't be able to talk to you about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, like when I'm my okay got it really helpful. So now let's let's investigate a little further.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a panic moment where your babies still around your kids were still around, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They
Gwenevere Abriel: Were still cared for. They're still eating. Maybe there was nothing urgent which you were still taking care of them right yeah I've managed with that like to bear always took your voice just
Bianca Garcia: Did all I like in my head. Sometimes, and then if it gets really bad. Then I walk to myself to the restroom, or wherever, or go to walk.
Bianca Garcia: Quick yard. Again, whatever it is, or the breathing in the bathroom like when I'm like, so I could move away from them and they'll be fine, they'll be in the room watching TV or a class or sleeping, whatever it is, and I just feel like I just need to calm down alone.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's interesting is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not any different than all you would have to do now, there's some logistics to logging in. There's some logistics to that that are maybe more complicated than what I'm about to say. But in here. You could literally be crying the whole time. And that would be fine. You could be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be saying things like, I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I can't, I don't know what to say. I feel so disorganized. I feel overwhelmed. I know what's going on. You can be however you want to be. It's a very unique privilege to have this Tele health go into your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are missing out on an opportunity that a psychiatrist that doesn't do till the health. They can't see, they can't get in real time. We had a great opportunity to actually see how maybe I could have been helpful right in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to do that for some reason I'm scared to show that. Uh huh. Yep. I do see her through the computer, too, though they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but this has to do with timing. So now that you really hopefully get
Gwenevere Abriel: There's even
Gwenevere Abriel: You could even call me. And you could say, or tax whatever or go into virtual clinic. And you could say, I feel terrible. I'm a mess. I'm very emotional.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to check in after and hopefully they would make an exception if they didn't, then you could log out. But for you this next piece this next step might be just to test this theory, you have which is it's not okay for you to be a mess in public for anyone to see you like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's not true. This is exactly what this treatment is for is for people that are feeling overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you are a woman of few words as it is. So it would be useful for me to have been witness to have been there and been able to kind of get inside your head and and to have been able to tease out
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on right before that was there two babies that would they were refusing to listen to and you were already tired and you were hungry and someone had already insulted you, I wouldn't want it to seem the context of what preceded that panic.
Keep that in mind, I don't want to shy away from the problem.
Is just, I guess.
I don't know what it is. I can just being shy or embarrassed.
I don't know.
What I mean obviously we don't want to be like, oh, this is like show everybody or exact problems, even though that's what it's okay, I understand that. But I think anybody wouldn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: See let other see themselves like that. I mean, even though this is what it's for. But, you know, just, let's just straight. Let's do the first part, let's stay with the first part.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're wondering if I think it's normal for us to hide the worst parts of ourselves. Yes, of course. It's normal.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you do it like to a really high degree you miss out. You miss out on the healing nature of what this therapeutic relationship can be you're robbing yourself of real support because somehow you
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't think it's okay to be a mess. Yeah. You can be a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, it's more useful. In fact, I have clients, where I say show up to group a mess because you're working so hard to make this impression that you've got it all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's going to get in the way of you really receiving the healing effective what what therapy is therapy isn't just advice I give, I like to think I don't give advice. Actually, it's actually believe it or not, it's what's going on in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you are not bringing your natural self who you really are. Then I don't get to really know you
Know,
I'm scared of us, but I think it is. I'm just
I guess I
Bianca Garcia: catch myself is, show me for whatever reason. I don't know why I'm just weird like that against but I've definitely tried to do that because, obviously, that's what I'm here for.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to get there, but a little difficult for me. Yeah. So remind me. Do you have a lot of siblings.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I am the oldest two to three on my mom's side and then my dad side like I don't even know any of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the oldest of three. Did you say your oldest of three yes on one side and then there's a group of family that you don't even know very well. Yeah, but I know I'm the sole second oldest on his side, then I have younger siblings and an older sibling that I have. I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she was the oldest um when you grow up, we use the elder sibling, the way you grow up, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think back to being a kid, you know, when you were a little girl are you responsible for your younger siblings sometimes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many, how many more years old are you, and then
Bianca Garcia: Well, me and my sister five years apart and me and my other brother are 14 years apart and then me and my younger brother are 19 years apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're they're older. Your 14 year they're older than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: 14
Bianca Garcia: Years Younger
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god. Okay, let me see if I get it. You are the eldest of me see over here. I gotta get the ages together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is your sister like
Gwenevere Abriel: 26 or 789 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn 28 April 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's 93132 so she all she's about your four years old so sister 28 your brother is
Bianca Garcia: He will be 19 so he's 18 right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you have a 19 year difference with another sibling.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, he's a 13
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of it. You know how I said that there were times maybe that you were taking care of them, how the how much
Gwenevere Abriel: How young, were you when you were basically babysitting.
Bianca Garcia: Um, well, I remember why I didn't babysit my my my five year old sister, because now that she turns 20 I'll be 33 but when when she was like six or something. I was like, like 12 or 11 or something like that. So I didn't babysit her
Bianca Garcia: But my younger brother, when he was like board. I think I was like 14 and I would like watching him when he was like one. So when I was 15 I would like watch him here and there.
Bianca Garcia: But or help out a lot. But then, with my younger brother, I was already like an adult. And so I would help out with him to like you would come over a lot play with my kids and because my daughter and him are the same age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yeah, so he I would you know you come over and OR I'LL TAKE HIM OUT, or we would go do stuff he would come to stuff with like our family. My kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just FYI. This this connection, we have today is is not 100% so there's a little bit of delay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In like I won't hear you every time.
Gwenevere Abriel: This the psychiatry.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the University
Gwenevere Abriel: University. Yeah. No. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I got the universal constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Universal so I wrote University, but it was universal. Yes. Okay. And are you seeing a counselor over there.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I was already seen her before I started a program with you guys. I know. So here's, here's the thing. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: That I said can have two guys I tell everyone because it's it's a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: On February 22 you said I need to get therapy. I'm on a waiting list so universal
Gwenevere Abriel: made aware, she's now receiving therapy and no concurrent psychotherapy treating the same mental health conditions.
Gwenevere Abriel: This woman verbalized understanding, she will receive services from bright heart health psycho therapist. So just the opposite of what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. I have it, it's so important that I literally wrote it down because you can't have two psycho therapist at the same time.
Bianca Garcia: No. Well, I'm I am like there's. Okay, so there's the medication management and then there is a therapy, but that were you like, how we talk so I
Bianca Garcia: Don't talk as sit was there for an hour, like I do with you. She's managed him a pain medication management and um, and then, you know, now I am on the waiting list to have the therapy like to talk like this. So, there is a waiting list for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do not little like just
Bianca Garcia: Not like how we do meeting, but she so we about the medication and how it's going and blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm concerned. I'm still not quite communicating the concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't have both. Yeah. Think of it like this and I'll do it as many times as is to make some some so that I make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture you're getting an opiate prescription from Dr. Solomon and then you're also getting a prescription from either universal for the buprenorphine and they're both treating you
Gwenevere Abriel: It's illegal.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. No. Okay, so that's reason why February 22 I was so careful about my note because it's that important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was very anything then when I told you about it. I told you what medications. I was on
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not talking about medications right now so I'm glad I'm still talking because I can tell by what you just said about medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you still don't understand. Let me keep going. Let me keep trying. So let me tell you what I just did. I just gave you
Gwenevere Abriel: A metaphor I was giving you an example of what conflicting treatment. Looks like I was giving you an example. Yeah. For example, you can't have two DOCTORS PRESCRIBING clonazepam
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay hold on to that it is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: As psychotherapy, you can't have to treating the same person treating the same diagnoses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, most people if they've never really had psychotherapy before they don't know that. And I don't think you knew that either except on February 22 I was really careful about explaining
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't have to because I knew I could see you're on a waiting list and you're saying it again today so I still don't think it's making sense or I'm failing to say something and I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I was just making it
Bianca Garcia: Clear that I'm I mean obviously I don't I been on that list, way before you guys and I, they would call me. Obviously, I would not take it because now I know, but I'm making it clear that I was, I was not like seeing her as I see you
Bianca Garcia: But I understand what you saying yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But okay, yeah. Okay. And remember, we're on this really slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: A Tele Health Day. So it's making it really difficult so hang in there for it. We're going to get all the way through it. We're almost there. So all I'm going to do is I'm going to add a little bit more information to that note so that were
Gwenevere Abriel: Spot on. And there's no confusion. So in your own words, what's your plan with I'm still on the waitlist at Universal. What's your plan and I'll write it down so it's real clear
Bianca Garcia: Well, obviously I'm not gonna do that. I mean, it's been so long. I don't even I'm even got any calls from him, but I obviously if I would, I would not do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Bianca Garcia: I was just telling you what you remember from the past.
Been a long time, actually, that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was waiting. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's check in. Um, so here's what I wrote. But the problem is with the word it, it runs the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: Of still being confusing. So let's plug in some some subjects or objects into it. So we're almost there. I'm not going to do that. What's the that I'm, I'm not gonna do when you said the waiting list. I said, I'm not going to do that. So I was just answering your question. I know I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Universal counseling. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, perfect. And I have not
Gwenevere Abriel: Been getting calls because you've been on happiness for quite some time. And let's just leave it like that. Perfect. So now we're totally clear
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's get into what this
Gwenevere Abriel: misunderstanding between us felt like that was a big one. Wasn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Uh huh. So where do you feeling in your body right now as this man there's misunderstandings happening.
Bianca Garcia: I don't feel anything. I just felt I felt a little confused at first. Okay, I don't recall like you saying that I
Bianca Garcia: Cuz you I told you I wasn't like counseling with her and I did tell you I was like getting medications for you. I don't recall you saying that I couldn't do that until now, so I was confused. I felt confused, but I understand now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it surprise you. And I literally read that you had verbalized understanding that she won't be getting so surprised you
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you can see why I'm so specific. When I write things down. It's very risky until a health. I've got to be really clear until it gets so both people are very, very, very clear. Yeah. Okay. And so you were really confused like what's the big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand.
Bianca Garcia: No, no I well just because like we we agree that I wouldn't do the counseling, but I had told you, since before what medications. I was on and you never said anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hold that thought. Hold that thought. Now, hold up. That word medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychotherapy that's. This is not the same as you getting psychiatric medication from a psychiatrist that is great. I want you to get psychiatric medication management, that's a yes the Seroquel and the
Gwenevere Abriel: What the heck else those patella program that's a yes. Those are not the same treatment. One is psychiatric medication. I can't prescribe medication that's a good thing I'm thrilled that you have it thrilled. Okay, see it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. So I'm glad you kept talking because there was still a missing piece.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I'm trying to get clear on me. I was like, because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know we talked about my medications before
Bianca Garcia: So yeah, that's the difference with with her is some medic medication management.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so the piece that the only problem will be if you get a call, it's going to be. I am receiving
Gwenevere Abriel: You can call it we go by a lot of different names psychotherapy mental health treatment substance abuse treatment, you're basically you're getting you're getting those things now. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're just, I mean we've been meeting for a while and we're still working on getting you comfortable. It takes a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're still protecting this environment from the raw. The, the actual distress that you're in and well I think we'll get there, but this moment right here where you held on tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you held on yourself and got your point across to me. I think it's going to be important. And I'm guessing. Next time, like, hey, I can have a misunderstanding and I can persevere and I can get my point across. I think it's going to be a good piece of work, just this even
Gwenevere Abriel: You need you think it would be the opposite. Like, oh no, we had a misunderstanding. But that's not what it is, it actually will will bolster a hopefully your confidence that if there ever is a misunderstanding is you will be able to hold on to your truth.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. I didn't see it that way. You see everything differently and you make it clear, and you make it where I could see it your way. Like I could you know work. I see it clear, and I'm glad I did make that you know point across, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you almost didn't right you almost didn't say that last bit. Yeah, yeah. You don't give up on yourself. Don't give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this ultimately that's what this program is for. It's about wherever in any tiny way or big way. You might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting in your own way of you reaching the goals you want
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to help with that. So let's go back to this topic of what anxiety is and
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that day. We already covered. Oh, I don't want to be embarrassed and I don't really want other people to know
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you really look like when you're in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is normal. A lot of people get like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But those same people that protect the image of themselves don't benefit from therapy. So you're robbing yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep let's keep deconstructing that day. Let's go back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. I read that text to you. So it was what memory was like, wasn't it, like one o'clock or something. It was like 11 in the morning 10 so just picture what was going on on that Wednesday. Nope. Tuesday the 24th Tuesday 24th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's getting towards 11 your time getting 11 o'clock. It's getting to 12 o'clock. What was that day like
Hi. No, I was like, anxious and
Bianca Garcia: I was a little scared at first.
Bianca Garcia: A little more scared of the authority
Gwenevere Abriel: At first, um, yeah. So it was it was a lot of mixed emotions. Mm hmm. And now talk about the context of that day. Tell me what that what you had done that day.
Bianca Garcia: What have I done that day. Um, well, I definitely missed my employment and I was dealing with a lot of worrisome and and stress and I'm
Bianca Garcia: Just everything was happening that day that good. It's just, just a lot. It seemed that day and I just couldn't get myself, I guess, to get like I couldn't control my emotions and everything. And I couldn't be normal to talk to you. And that's what I was scared of. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't want to be a mess. I guess I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stick with that a little bit more. Let me hear more about what are the kids doing when they're because you said, Mr appointment, the kids that agenda. I couldn't control my emotions. I wasn't normal
Gwenevere Abriel: What were the kids doing or not doing that was unsettling Korea oh obviously all kids.
Bianca Garcia: ACT UP SO boy and I
Bianca Garcia: Remember them like just not listening and or settling down, they were like yelling fighting like play fighting and just like they were like hyper and I was so overwhelmed that I couldn't control everything that was going on at once. I was like going crazy that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just imagine that you didn't have to see me that day. That wasn't on the docket wasn't scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, when the kids play fight and they're hyper and I get what I know what hyper kids look like I know that kids sometimes physically can wrestle
Gwenevere Abriel: I know they can be running things can be thrown. There's a lot. There's we're worried about them hitting their head worried about something breaking a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're worried about a lot of things when we're seeing this play fight now they know they're playing, but they're not thinking about all the safety issues that we, as a parent, are
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: In your notice that I just said a story, but all I had from you. Was the word kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may think you're communicating a whole bunch of information, but you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's do it again. So I want you to kind of go back in and remember that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where were the kids in What room are they standing, were they on the floor. What were they doing, see if you can try and remember that while they were in my room and they were like jumping on each other and then the two little ones attack the older one
Bianca Garcia: And then they're like, pulling hair and they're just jumping kicking and I'm like, you guys are gonna hurt themselves and I'm like yelling at them to stop.
Bianca Garcia: I have to go up the little one off from the big ones. And I'm like, stop. That's enough for you're gonna hurt yourself. And when right when that happens. Somebody Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Who Cried with that's when they stopped. Finally, but I, they were just non stop by jumpy on each other. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how many minutes of that.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's hard. Oh, I don't know. It was probably a good 15 minutes or 10 minutes that they were
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Wow.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of chaos. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: My next client just got here, but I want you to see how fast time just went
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you got in here late granted right because you were you you so with this particular the way bright heart health is
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes it takes like 1520 minutes or more to get in. So starts when we set up an appointment, try and pull a little bit more time so that there's this waiting time for till to login. I've been telling people at a minimum content. You can even
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in a few hours before when it's calmer and say, Hey, I'm going to be meeting with her later. I'll call yeah so i would i don't know if they'll let you doing that, but that's what I've been telling people
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, when you're when the families chill. You know what I mean, it's like okay, the time is good. I'm a check in. Now, be like, Hey, I'm going to be there and I already know or number do I owe money do I have to do a drug screen. Now you've already got all that nonsense out of the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Bianca you kicked butt.
Thank you.
Thank you, appreciate
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not an easy thing to work with me because I i'm really listening. I'm really listening to every little word on a
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every little picky, picky, picky, picky, picky and
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have a lot of words, you're kind of sparse with them. So every single word you say is like so precious. It's like, oh, well, she said, Okay, well, what about that one. And I'm only got a few, but just now. You let me into your world. And I want to thank you because
Gwenevere Abriel: 1510 minutes of that kind of chaos without much noise danger to the kids and would be overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time now. I hope you realize that you can literally log in and I will hear the insanity going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will say something like this, much like what you've seen me doing here, don't I say, hey, if you need to go get your kids entertained. Give them a toy. Don't I say, hey, go take care of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still going to do that. But the beautiful thing that I get privileged to do is I can hear and see what's Bianca style if she had her wits end. What does she sound like a look like. Has she could I remind her to breathe Take a second
Gwenevere Abriel: Or focus somewhere else I might be able to see from your eyes what that looks like it might be really neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this will you go to an office, this, this is not a possibility because you're not with all your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. So don't be shy about letting me in. Because I'll be able to also be able to cheerlead you too, and say, wow, you're amazing welcome what you did. That was gorgeous.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me do that too. I can point things out and I can give praise and I can see how you're doing so that you're not having to suffer alone. Okay. Okay. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a little scared to let you into our world but welcome to my world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please one kid is hard. I do I have to tell you something. You are just amazing. But she did the amazing part. People think when we get a compliment. That means that we can't lose our shit. Of course, you can lose your shit every parent does
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it feels like you lose your sanity at some point. Hmm. That's right. And to still login with me. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright, so let's schedule another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked very hard today. This is not an easy one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your groups are on Fridays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, tomorrow. So tomorrow, I'll get to see you tomorrow, can you meet I'm at
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10 may 5
Me.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Tuesday said okay okay yeah that's fine too. Tang may 5 Tuesday makes it yeah I'm gonna try to log in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like two hours earlier that day okay see works. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna jump out Bianca. I'm really impressed with what you did. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow. And you, you can always have a hot mess going on. You do your best.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone is amazed when when clients show up with just one kid and you're doing it with how many we have five over there.
For
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't worry about it. We got you. Thank you. See you later.
Matthew Montano: Well, hello there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, to do it to you. Let's both log out log right back. I've got to separate these domains, I promise. Four seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready, set,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be right back. And I will just listen to you. I'll just be all ears.
Matthew Montano: Okay, good.